Team Bits, Please


Features Added
--------------
Our first iteration aimed to include object creation, editing, resizing, copy/paste, and translation. The Penultimate UML Builder in its current iteration is able to create and show objects, drag objects across the pane, select individual objects, delete objects, and track objects through the object pane. Though we were unable to implement editing or resizing of object views, we were able to enable object deletion in its place.  

Features Left Out
-----------------
During the first iteration, we were unable to implement object editing, object resizing, and copy-paste operation. These features proved to be a bit more involved than initially thought, and were thus unable to be implemented in a meaningful manner for this iteration. However the infrastructure is in place such that iteration two should be able to accomodate these features.  Keyboard commands and menu items were originally intended to be in the first iteration, but did not reach the deadline.

Test Cases
----------
Creation
1) Create a single class instance.
Status: Pass
2) Create 100 class instances within the DocumentView. Be sure they move and
change focus correctly
Status: Pass
3) Create multiple class occupying the same coordinates.
Status: Pass

Deletion
4) Delete only enacts on selected object. Object no longer exists or is referenced
Status: Pass

Object Dragging
5) Selected object drags correctly without snapping to mouse point
Status: Passed
6)Only selected object drags on click
Status: Passed
7) Selected object stays within the document pane.
Status: Failed
Reason for Failure: Objects can be dragged over top of the menu bar.

Properties Pane
8)Pane updates with correct object info based on currently selected class
Status: Passed
9)Pane hides object info when class is clicked away from
Status:Passed 
10)Properties pane updates object when fields are edited
Status:Failed
Reason for Failure: Pane not properly coded to allow updating of object model.
Objects do not update on changes.

Relations
11) Create association by dragging between two class objects while in Create Association mode.
Status: Passed
12) Create dependency by dragging between two class objects while in Create Dependency mode.
Status: Passed
13) Delete relation by clicking on relation while in Delete mode.
Status: Effective Failure
Reason for Failure: For deletion to occur, the user must click exactly on the line, which is impractical.
A means of expanding the clickable area for lines must be identified in future iterations.
14) Dragging of objects that have relations properly drags associated relations.
Status: Passed
15) Deletion of objects with relations results in deletion of associated relations.
Status: Passed
